PRESENTATION INTRODUCTION DRAFT 1: 

Interesting facts about our project topic (Opening line)
According to a recent survey by the National Center for Education Statistics, 94 percent of teachers spend their own money to stock their classrooms with the necessary supplies and resources and on average, a teacher will shell out about $479. 
The personal costs for the teachers are not only focused on the usual school supplies, e.g. pen, tape etc. but also on the resources e.g. extra tutoring, supplies for cooking lessons, and support for items for students with special needs e.g. certain types of colored paper etc. they offer to the students they passionately care about. Even as teachers fight to bring awareness to these vast needs, there is something we can all do to help provide students the support they need, one small marble at a time, to fill the jar of needs.
(@Team, do we share some personal stories by teachers? I found a website with several stories). 

What similar websites have to offer and why ours is unique
There are several websites (organizations) we found that offer related products or services but they also are different from what we created and will share with you today.. One of those websites is RedForED (http://neatoday.org/redfored/outofmypocket/) which is focused on bringing awareness to lack of teacher resources and unequal pay for teachers. They provide a platform for raising donations and advocating for change at the government level. 
Donors choose is another comparable website we found https://www.donorschoose.org/ which provides a platform for people willing to support schools to search for posted projects to sponsor by state/city, and also opportunity to volunteer in classrooms.. 

What sets our website apart from these other websites is the simple process we have established for teachers to post needs on behalf of their schools, and an ability for teacher/ schools to also share about resources they have that they would like to give. We have also expanded the website to not only have tools for teachers and schools, but also there is a community section (For parents and students) to find helpful resources and information. Examples of such resources could be, if a parent needs to know of where to find chess or music lessons for their kids. Our website provides a login only section where only validated schools and teachers can login.
